README.md, before:

# 2d6 system
A system for running games using various 2d6-based role-playing games.

Note that this system is *very* early in its development.

It mainly supports Cepheus Engine, but the intention is to make it flexible enough to play all/most 2d6 rules variants using this system.
Due to licensing restrictions the user will have to fill compendiums with skills, etc, themselves. (When completed, data from Cepheus Engine will be included.) 

Note:
* This Product is derived from the Traveller System Reference Document and other Open Gaming Content made available by the Open Gaming License, and does not contain closed content from products published by either Mongoose Publishing or Far Future Enterprises. This Product is not affiliated with either Mongoose Publishing or Far Future Enterprises, and it makes no claim to or challenge to any trademarks held by either entity. The use of the Traveller System Reference Document does not convey the endorsement of this Product by either Mongoose Publishing or Far Future Enterprises as a product of either of their product lines.
* Cepheus Engine and Samardan Press™ are the trademarks of Jason "Flynn" Kemp; I am not affiliated with Jason "Flynn" Kemp or Samardan Press™.    

This system may eventually claim compatibility with other specific rules sets once it:
a) actually has said compatibility 
b) actually has the license to do so


### Patch Notes:
See CHANGELOG.md


### Licenses
Project Licensing:
*  All HTML, CSS, Typescript and Javascript in this project is licensed under the Apache License v2 (see LICENSE)

Content Usage and Licensing:
*  Game system information and mechanics are licensed under the Open Game License, see [OpenGameLicense.md] for details.

Virtual Table Top Platform Licenses:
*  Foundry VTT support is covered by the following license: [Limited License Agreement for module development 09/02/2020](https://foundryvtt.com/article/license/).

### Contributing
See CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

feat: Squashed, rebased, merged in changes from Kevin, tested that nothing seems to have broken. Also made sure we comply with the various licenses.
Changes from Kevin below:
Fixes: New Skill page, New Font, Many CSS/HTML adjustments
Fixes: Tabs need fixing, added inventory, storage and finances.
Fixes: Sub-tabs, initial tab still blank and broken
Fixes: Finished all the pages, ready for first release
Fixes: Macro text visibility
fix: Removed read only, attempts to fix drop-down
fix: Skill modifiers and option default jumps fixed *so happy!*
fix: Added total (skill+mod) near dice, added CSS styling to finish skill list
Updated Skill list modifiers and resetting modifier option window. All good, very happy! (#43)

README.md, after:

# 2d6 system
A system for running games using various 2d6-based role-playing games, specifically with the Cepheus Engine Core Rules.

Note that this system is *very* early in its development.

It mainly supports Cepheus Engine, but the intention is to make it flexible enough to play all/most 2d6 rules variants using this system.
Due to licensing restrictions the user will have to fill compendiums with skills, etc, themselves. (When completed, data from Cepheus Engine will be included.) 

Note:
* This Product is derived from the Traveller System Reference Document and other Open Gaming Content made available by the Open Gaming License, and does not contain closed content from products published by either Mongoose Publishing or Far Future Enterprises. This Product is not affiliated with either Mongoose Publishing or Far Future Enterprises, and it makes no claim to or challenge to any trademarks held by either entity. The use of the Traveller System Reference Document does not convey the endorsement of this Product by either Mongoose Publishing or Far Future Enterprises as a product of either of their product lines.
* Cepheus Engine and Samardan Press™ are the trademarks of Jason "Flynn" Kemp; I am not affiliated with Jason "Flynn" Kemp or Samardan Press™.    

This system may eventually claim compatibility with other specific rules sets once it:
a) actually has said compatibility 
b) actually has the license to do so


### Patch Notes:
See CHANGELOG.md


### Licenses
Project Licensing:
*  All HTML, CSS, Typescript and Javascript in this project is licensed under the Apache License v2 (see LICENSE)

Content Usage and Licensing:
*  Game system information and mechanics are licensed under the Open Game License, see [OpenGameLicense.md] for details.

Virtual Table Top Platform Licenses:
*  Foundry VTT support is covered by the following license: [Limited License Agreement for module development 09/02/2020](https://foundryvtt.com/article/license/).

Font licenses:
* Perfect DOS VGA 437 (quote from https://www.dafont.com/font-comment.php?file=perfect_dos_vga_437 "zeh  author of Perfect DOS VGA 437   Sep 16, 2014 The license is this: this font is free to use in whatever you want.")

### Contributing
See CONTRIBUTING.md
